Remove usage of global options from iptables cell (#29088)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/operations/upgrade.rst

  is configured in native routing mode and :ref:`DSR mode with Geneve` is enabled.
  Explicitly configure ``--tunnel-protocol=geneve`` (or the equivalent
  ``tunnelProtocol=geneve`` helm value) when DSR with Geneve is enabled.

> * ``CILIUM_PREPEND_IPTABLES_CHAIN`` environment variable has been deprecated and
>   cannot be used anymore to enable or disable Cilium iptables rules prepend instead
>   of append.
>   Please use the ``CILIUM_PREPEND_IPTABLES_CHAINS`` environment variable (note the
>   trailing ``S``) or the command line flag ``--prepend-iptables-chains`` instead.

Reviewer: Can we change up the wording here to include a bit of information regarding why this change was made? Maybe something like:

```suggestion
* The ``CILIUM_PREPEND_IPTABLES_CHAIN`` environment variable has been renamed
  to ``CILIUM_PREPEND_IPTABLES_CHAINS`` (note the trailing ``S``) to more accurately
  match the name of the associated command line flag ``--prepend-iptables-chains``.
```

Author: Fixed, thanks!
